If we have a look at the application we book thus far it's already looking pretty nice.
We get the core functionality or most finished we are able to do your quotes here to favorite them in
the first place to unfavorite them and to favorite them again.
But one thing we're not doing is we're not preventing ourselves from favorites in the same quote multiple
times like this.
So it would be good to actually be able to switch just favorite button for a unfavored button on this
card here too so that we're not able to favorite the same quote multiple times.
Let's work on this next.
In order to be able to unfavored a quote I need to go to the quotes page.
This is where we are able to favorite a quote right.
So there we should also implement a button which allows us to unfavored a quote to do so I will simply
copy this back near the favorite button and paste it in right below the other one here.
I also want to add color danger to make it red and of course name ID unfavorite And of course I don't
want to execute on at two favorite.
I want to execute on remove from favorites maybe also rename this to on add two favorites to be in line.
All has to quote here though.
Also rename on adds two favorites on ADD to favorites since I just change this.
And of course I also need a new method on remove from favorites here.
And I noted I will get the quote to be removed here as an argument.
Now right now it would display both buttons all the time.
And this certainly is not what I want.
I only want to display the favorite button if the cloud does not currently a favorite of myself and
display the unfair rebuttal if it is now to do this.
I'll implement a helper method in my code start to use file in the typescript file and I'll simply name
it is favorite because it should check if this actually is a favorite or not.
It of course receives the quote for which you should check this and then I can check if this is a favorite
quote by going to my quote service and adding a new helper method.
There are also named this is quote favorite so here.
I also expect to get a quote which of course of type quote and I will simply return the result of a
simple check.
I will see all of my favorite quotes here in this array when using the find method which also takes
a method as the argument and this method will be executed for each quote in theory.
So I'll check the individual quote elements in this array.
Which of course also are of type quote.
Therefore if this returns true for the ID check so Id return quote element ID equals what ID so what
am I doing here.
I'm saying simply executing defined method on my favorite quotes array you find method takes an argument.
This argument is a function which gets executed on each element in this array and this function I passed
we find method needs to return true or false for each element indicating if it is the ultimate.
I was looking for or not as a side note if you return true for multiple elements it will still only
take the first element you return true for a year and returning true the idea of the element.
I'm currently looking at in this array matches the idea of the element I was passing to this method
here.
So if this helper function in place here I can go back to my quotes typescript file and Indy is favorite
Meffert I can simply return this quote service is quote favorite and past a quote.
So if this I'm checking if this is a favorite quote and if it is well then I'd certainly want to display
the unfavorite button so I can use the as favorite method here in my template.
Together with NGF like this and I only want to show the is favorite button.
If it's not a favorite so the inverse is favorite is there for faults on the other hand I want to display
the unfavorite button.
If this is true so remove the exclamation mark with this in place let me save this and see if that works
as intended.
If I click on a quote click on favorite now UCSC unfavorite.
Of course I haven't implemented the logic to unfavorite that though so let's do this next in order to
unfavorite.
I'll go back to the typescript file of this page here.
I already got the method to do that right on remove from favorites.
This is the method I'm calling here in my template and in there I simply want to reach out to a quote
service and call the remove quote from favorite's method past to quote as an argument.
Save this.
We already implemented this method in the servers.
A few Electra's ago and were saved.
Let's reload the app and let's see if this works for click on favorites year.
It seems to be our favorite.
We can see this on the favorite's page.
If I go back and click unfavorite easy it switches back and it's all removed from the favorite's page.
So this works great.
Our state management works and now we're able to check if this already is our favorite And therefore
we prevent that we add the same object multiple times.
We can still add our quote of course though this was never a major step.
Now I want to do a little bit fine tuning on my favorites page here before we Denne implement a side
menu with the settings before we then changed the theming before we Denn are done with our first app
loads of new information.
But I hope you're still enjoying it.